---
title: "Kerberos to Kerberoasting"
---

## Introduction

First we need to learn what Kerberos is all about. It is an authentication protocol used in Windows Active Directory but not authorization. It is able to identify each user when a password is provided, but it does not validate which resources or services can the user access. The Kerberos protocol uses symmetric-key cryptography   so that a client can prove its identity to a key distribution center (KDC).

## Kerberoasting

By logging into an Active Directory domain as any authenticated user, anyone can request service tickets (TGS) for service accounts by specifying their SPN value. Active Directory will return an encrypted ticket, which is encrypted using the NTLM hash of the account that is associated with that SPN. Tools like hashcat or hydra can brute forcing these service tickets and obtain plain text passwords when they successfully cracked.

## Exploitation Steps

1.  Scan Active Directory for user accounts with SPN values set
2.  Request service tickets from AD using SPN values
3.  Extract service tickets to memory and save to a file
4.  Brute force attack those passwords offline until cracked

By using the GetUserSPNs.py script from impacket:
```bash
python3 GetUserSPNs.py -request -dc-ip 192.168.56.11 north.sevenkingdoms.local/brandon.stark:iseedeadpeople
```

## Detection and Migration

The best mitigation defenders have at their disposal against Kerberoasting is to enforce robust password policies for service accounts. Organizations should mandate long, complicated passwords (25 or more characters) that are changed frequently. Length and complexity frustrate offline cracking efforts. Frequent password rotation, say at 30-day intervals, narrows the window of time attackers have to crack long hashes for an indeterminate length of time.

Defenders can set traps within their Active Directory environment. Known as “honey accounts,” these work in a similar fashion to network honeypots: enticing advanced attackers doing reconnaissance through Active Directory with believable sounding service names. Once compromised, however, these accounts do nothing but trigger an alert if they are used to login or generate a service ticket request.