---
title: "Game Of Active Directory Lab"
---

## Introduction

[GOAD](https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/GOAD) is a pentest active directory LAB project. The purpose of this lab is to give pentesters a vulnerable Active directory environment  ready to use to practice usual attack techniques.

Many attack and vulnerable paths are available:

- Password reuse between computer (PTH)
- Spray User = Password
- Password in description
- SMB share anonymous
- SMB not signed
- Responder
- Zerologon
- Windows defender
- ASREPRoast
- Kerberoasting
- AD Acl abuse
- Unconstraint delegation
- Ntlm relay
- Constrained delegation
- Install MSSQL
- MSSQL trusted link
- MSSQL impersonate
- Upload asp app
- Multiples forest
- Anonymous RPC user listing
- Child parent domain
- Generate certificate and enable ldaps
- ADCS - ESC 1/2/3/8
- Certify
- Samaccountname/nopac
- Petitpotam
- Printerbug
- Drop the mic
- Shadow credentials
- Mitm6
- ETC...

## Installation

A computer with at least 32GB RAM is recommended, 5 windows VMs will be running simultaneously.
For me, I am using macOS.

```
git clone https://github.com/Orange-Cyberdefense/GOAD.git
```
Start all VMs with vagrant.
```bash
vagrant up
```
Once it is done we need to provision them using ansible playbook.
```bash
brew install virtualenv
brew install python3.8
cd ansible
python3.8 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
python3 -m pip install ansible-core==2.12.6
python3 -m pip install pywinrm
ansible-galaxy install -r requirements.yml
ansible-playbook main.yml
```
You will most likely encounter errors during installation, make to sure to rerun `ansible-playbook main.yml` after fixing them.

## Issues and fixes

macOS: If you get the `may have been in progress in another thread when fork() was called` error, run the following code before `ansible-playbook main.yml`
```bash
export OBJC_DISABLE_INITIALIZE_FORK_SAFETY=YES
```
At times error like problems installing certain powershell module and you will need to manually install them by RDP into the VM.
For example,
```bash
vagrant RDP DC01
```
And enter the following commands
```bash
[Net.ServicePointManager]::SecurityProtocol = [Net.SecurityProtocolType]::Tls12
Register-PSRepository -Default
Install-Module -Name ComputerManagementDsc
Install-Module -Name xNetworking
Install-Module -Name xDnsServer
Install-Module -Name ActiveDirectoryDSC
```

## Start hacking!

Before we start let's make a snapshot of the lab.
```bash
vagrant snapshot SNAP1
```

Then we will run `crackmapexec` to check the lab status.
```bash
crackmapexec smb 192.168.56.0/24
```

Have fun!